The best career or job is the one in which you’re using the skills you enjoy.  But, not every job needs to address all of your passions.  Use every job as an opportunity to learn something new and keep an open mind; you may find that you really enjoy something you never imagined would appeal to you. Plenty of brilliant people started out in jobs they hated, or took paths that weren’t right at the beginning of their careers, Professional development is no longer linear, and trust that with hard work and a dedication to figuring out what you want to do with your life, you, too, will be OK!. Every person you meet is a potential door to a new opportunity—personally or professionally.  Build good bridges even in that just-for-now job, because you never know how they’ll weave into the larger picture of your life. You’re putting a lot of pressure on yourself to pick the right choice, and I’ve gotta be honest: That’s not what I see here, I see a bunch of good choices, and there’s the one that you pick and make great. Remember that a job, even a great job or a fantastic career, doesn’t give your life meaning, at least not by itself.  Life is about what you learn, who you are or can become, who you love and are loved by. If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them. Every year or two, spend some time really thinking about your career.  Go out and warm up your network, check out new opportunities, and do some salary comparisons.  You make smarter career decisions when you have real data, Also, if you are afraid or uncomfortable, you are probably onto something awesome! Fear means you are growing your comfort zone. Dont be afraid to speak up in a meeting or to schedule a sit down with a colleague or boss—whether to hash out details on a project or deal with a sensitive situation.  When it comes to having your ideas heard, or to really connecting with co-workers, never underestimate the power of face time and the importance of in-person communication. Some people think the office is the place to be all power, all brilliance, all the time.  And while you should strive to make a powerful and brilliant impression, an occasional question or clarification won’t discount your abilities—but it may help you squeeze through a tricky situation with your reputation intact. Take criticism or “feedback” for what it is: a gift given to you to make you better at what you do.  Dont concern yourself with the person or the method of delivery, Instead, glean out the teachable nuggets and move on. I know, You’ve heard it a thousand times: Dress for the job you want, not the one you’ve got, But I think this message goes far beyond the clothes you wear every day: It’s how you present yourself in meetings and at office events, how you interact with staff both above and below you, and how seriously you take your work. In chaos, there is opportunity, Most major career accelerations happen when someone steps into a mess and makes a difference. Work harder than everyone under you or above you, Nothing commands respect more than a good work ethic, This means being the first one at the event in the morning and the last one to leave in the evening. Having a mentor within your company is particularly valuable—she can identify opportunities for advancement you might overlook, guide you through challenging projects, and help you build relationships with higher-ups, Most importantly, if she’s influential, she can earn you recommendations for special projects or teams that you might not have been considered for otherwise, And these are the factors that are going to pave the way for success at your company. I first heard Zig Ziglar say it when people challenged him on his “positive attitude” manifesto: “You can do anything with a positive attitude better than you can do it with a negative one”. Work hard and be nice to people.  It’s a very simple motto I try to live by daily. There’s never going to be a precisely right moment to speak, share an idea, or take a chance, Just take the moment—Dont let thoughts like “I Dont feel like I’m ready” get in the way.  Look to see if you have the main things or the opportunity will pass you by, Dont let perfect get in the way of really, really good. No matter what your dream job is, you’ll likely hear “no” many times before you achieve your goals, Just accept that as a fact, But by refusing to accept that “no,” you’ll separate yourself from the pack.  Sometimes you just have to outlast the competition—and wear down your boss!.  Tenacity and persistence—nothing beats it.  Even if your talent isn’t there yet, you can always develop it to what it will eventually be, But people who are persistent and tenacious and driven and have a really clear, defined goal of what they want, nothing compares to that.  Not giving up is really huge. I think the biggest thing to keep in mind is that a lot of people have a lot of ideas that they’d like to turn into businesses—but if your ideas Dont turn into actual money, then you’re not able to turn it into a business.  You have to be able to generate revenue first and foremost.  A lot of people have conceptual ideas and conceptual dreams, and you just have to be able to distinguish between what is a hobby and what is a passion and what you can actually turn into a business. No matter what you do, you’ll make it through.  What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger, The thing they Dont tell you is that it nearly kills you. I suggest doing your due diligence in regards to your market and target audience.  Map out the steps it’ll take to get started and start knocking them out one by one, If you find yourself struggling to accomplish these items, or not knowing the next step, you need to find a business partner to help. I wish I knew that working smarter, not harder, is essential to surviving as an entrepreneur.  You can get by working hard in the corporate world, but you won’t last long in small business ownership without working smart. Dont let fear be the reason you Dont launch your new business, When have you ever felt fully ready to do anything this important in your life? All you can do is prepare as much as humanly possible, know that you’ve done all you can for your baby to shine, and send it out into the world. If you’re serious about building a great, enduring company, you have to be willing to sacrifice some things, A vacation in the first year is likely going to be one of those things, so take one before you start!. Be confident, Dont doubt yourself, and go for it, If you are sure there is an opportunity, you need to believe wholeheartedly in it—your team won’t be driven to succeed unless you are. Your time is limited, so Dont waste it living someone else’s life, have the courage to follow your own heart and intuition.  They somehow already know what you truly want to become. When you need the courage to be bold, simply ask yourself, “What’s the worst that could possibly happen?” When you have the answer, ask, “Can I live with that?” And if the answer is yes, then take a leap!. Life is too short to be stuck in a job you hate. The only way to do great work is to love what you do, If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking, Dont settle. 